Fix webpack build issues in production mode (#9799)
eclipse-theia/theia: CHANGELOG.md

 - [workspace] added support for multiple selections in 'Add folder to workspace' dialog. [#9684](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/pull/9684)
 - [debug] added support for managing debug sessions for extensions from debug panel (previously only possible using `Hosted Plugin` commands) [#8706](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/pull/8706)

<a name="notable_changes_1.16.0">[Notable Changes:](#notable_changes_1.16.0)</a>

> - [application-manager] defines a new range for Webpack such as: `^5.36.2 <5.47.0`. `webpack@5.47.0` updated to `webpack-sources@^3.0.1` but this new version produces bogus bundles in Theia applications. The issue being fixed by constraining `webpack` to not pull newer versions for Theia v1.16.0 is so that clients making Theia applications will not be affected by the bundling failures caused by the new dependency. The bogus library will most likely be fixed before next release (v1.17.0) so we'll need to update the `webpack` range back to pull newer versions again (bug/performance/security updates).

Reviewer: minor: (I can also update in my `changelog` pull-request)

```suggestion
- [application-manager] defines a new range for `webpack` (`^5.36.2 <5.47.0`). `webpack@5.47.0` depends on `webpack-sources@^3.0.1` but this new version produces bogus bundles in Theia applications. The fix works by constraining the `webpack` version range to not pull newer versions for Theia v1.16.0 meaning clients creating Theia applications will not be affected by the bundling failures caused by the new dependency. The bogus library will most likely be fixed before next release (v1.17.0) so we'll need to update the `webpack` range back to pull newer versions again (bug/performance/security updates).
```
